this is the Martin triple 0:15
auditorium classic guitar it's called an
auditorium it's slightly smaller than a
dreadnought and therefore so that's
gonna fit but it's constructed of
mahogany which sort of counterbalance is
that its back some of the lows that you
may have lost from having a smaller body
the tuners up here are sealed many
tutors they are branded with the Martin
brand the headstock is a simple paddle
design it's based in Rosewood Indian
rosewood which makes for a very
attractive match you'll note the fret
markings are slightly different from
from what you traditionally expect in as
much as the third isn't marked at all
but the seventh has got to a double
marker which you'd normally find on it's
a distinctive look but on the players
side of the neck there are small white
dots are in the traditional forward so
the mahogany neck is finished in this
lovely sort of cocoa stain and that
continues on to the body which is also
mahogany back mahogany sides and
mahogany top so it's quite a distinctive
look the bridge is made from this Indian
rosewood again quite simple design there
with traditional bridge pins and the
saddle condensated at first and second
for intonation there's a very subtle
single rosette and the scratch plate is
a single pipe it's all in all a very
attractive instrument a nice size
especially for smaller players smaller
hands or people have difficulty actually
going incredible under your arm so so
listen to the listen to the sounds play
through a few for speed
beautiful tone from what is quite an
expensive and high quality instrument
Martens are american-made a long history
as long as American history gets of
guitar and other instrument making so it
has the special qualities of an American
guitar but it carries the price tag with
it
it's beautiful tone hopefully this will
do justice to it it's very funny
very very sweet and warm tone this kind
of guitars is something that you're
going five you're serious because as I
say it is quite a few shackles but in my
view Martin aren't one of the top names
of acoustic guitars so if you want the
best
you